Add more comprehensive crate level docs for bevy_ptr (#12391)
bevyengine/bevy: crates/bevy_ptr/README.md

[![Docs](https://docs.rs/bevy_ptr/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/bevy_ptr/latest/bevy_ptr/)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/691052431525675048.svg?label=&logo=discord&logoColor=ffffff&color=7389D8&labelColor=6A7EC2)](https://discord.gg/bevy)

> Pointers in computer programming, according to Wikipedia, are "objects in many programming languages that stores a memory address". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pointer, according to Wikipedia, is an "object in many programming languages that stores a memory address". 
```

This fixes the plurality grammatical error where "stores" should be singular.

I would recommend rewriting this phrase, though. I don't think quoting Wikipedia is necessary here, especially with the "in many programming languages" part. It's implied that this is programming related, so the phrase is redundant.

Author: Agreed. Reworded this section.

They're a fundamental building block for constructing more complex data structures.

> They're also *the* definitive source of memory safety bugs. You can dereference a null pointer. Access a pointer after the underlying 
> memory has been freed. Ignore type safety and misread or mutate the underlying memory improperly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They're also *the* definitive source of memory safety bugs: you can dereference a invalid (null) pointer, access a pointer after the underlying 
memory has been freed, and even ignore type safety and misread or mutate the underlying memory improperly.
```

If we're explaining what a pointer is, then the reader cannot be assumed to know what a null pointer is.

Rust is a programming language that heavily relies on its types to enforce correctness, and by proxy, memory safety. As a result, 

> Rust has an entire zoo of types for working with pointers, and a graph of safe and unsafe conversions to among them to make working 
> with them safer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rust has an entire zoo of types for working with pointers, and a graph of safe and unsafe conversions that make working with them safer.
```

"to among them" is a confusing phrasing. I think "that" works better in this case.

`bevy_ptr` is a crate that attempts to bridge the gap between the full blown unsafety of `*mut ()` and the safe `&'a T`, allowing users 

> to build progressively to choose what invariants to uphold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to choose which invariants to uphold.
```

Author: Reworded this ti be a bit clear what I meant here.

> ## How to build a Borrow (from scratch)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to Build a Borrow (From Scratch)
```

I think titles should be consistent in their capitalization. Later headings capitalize important words, so I think this should do the same.

Correctly and safety converting a pointer into a valid borrow is at the core of all `unsafe` code in Rust. Looking at the documentation for
[`(*const T)::as_ref`], a pointer must satisfy *all* of the following conditions:

  * The pointer must be properly aligned.
  * The pointer cannot be null, even for zero sized types.
  * The pointer must be within bounds of a valid allocated object (on the stack or the heap).
  * The pointer must point to an initialized instance of `T`.
  * The newly assigned lifetime should be valid for the value that the pointer is targeting.
  * The code must enforce Rust's aliasing rules. Only one mutable borrow or arbitrarily many read-only borrows may exist to a value at any given moment

>     in time, and converting from `&T` to `&mut T` is always not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    in time, and converting from `&T` to `&mut T` is never allowed.
```

Note these rules aren't final and are still in flux as the Rust Project hashes out what exactly are the pointer aliasing rules, but the expectation is that the
final set of constraints are going to be a superset of this list, not a subset.

This list already is non-trivial to satisfy in isolation. Thankfully, the Rust core/standard library provides a progressive list of pointer types that help
build these safety guarantees...

## Standard Pointers

|Pointer Type       |Lifetime'ed|Mutable|Strongly Typed|Aligned|Not Null|Forbids Aliasing|Forbids Arithmetic|

> |:------------------|:----------|:------|:-------------|:------|:-------|:---------------|:-----------------|

Reviewer: What is your reasoning for including the colon before the dashes? (`|:----|`) Do tables in other modules use this syntax instead of just `|---|`?

Author: It makes the alignment explicit. Probably could be removed.

Reviewer 2: I like specifying alignment in these tables :)

`UnsafeCell<T>`. To safety convert `&UnsafeCell<T>` into a `&T` or `&mut T`, the caller must guarantee that all simultaneous access follow Rust's aliasing rules.

`NonNull<T>` takes quite a step down from the aforementioned types. In addition to allowing aliasing, it's the first pointer type on this list to drop both
lifetimes and the alignment guarantees of borrows. The only guarantees it provides are that the pointer is not null, and that it points to a valid instance
of type `T`. If you've ever worked with C++, `NonNull<T>` is very close to a C++ reference (`T&`).

`*const T` and `*mut T` are what most developers with a background in C or C++ would consider pointers.

`*const ()` is the bottom of this list. They're the Rust equivalent to C's `void*`.  Note that Rust doesn't formally have a concept of type that holds an arbitrary
untyped memory address. Pointing at the unit type (or some other zero-sized type) just happens to be the convention here. They show up occasionally when dealing
with FFI and the rare occasion where dynamic dispatch is required, but a trait is too constraining of an interface to work with. A great example of this are the

> [RawWaker] APIs, where a singular trait (or set of traits) may be insufficient to capture all usage patterns. `*mut ()`, as far as I know, should never be used.

Reviewer 2: Using first person is a bit weird in module docs like this.

Author: I copied this over from a personal blog post draft, whoops.

Author: Done.

[RawWaker]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/task/struct.RawWaker.html

## Available in Nightly

|Pointer Type       |Lifetime'ed|Mutable|Strongly Typed|Aligned|Not Null|Forbids Aliasing|Forbids Arithmetic|
|:------------------|:----------|:------|:-------------|:------|:-------|:---------------|:-----------------|
|`Unique<T>`        |Owned      |Yes    |Yes           |Yes    |Yes     |Yes             |Yes               |
|`Shared<T>`        |Owned*     |Yes    |Yes           |Yes    |Yes     |No              |Yes               |

`Unique<T>` is currently available in `core::ptr` on nightly Rust builds. It's a pointer type that acts like it owns the value it points to. It can be thought of
as a `Box<T>` that does not allocate on initialization or deallocated when it's dropped, and is in fact used to implement common types like `Box<T>`, `Vec<T>`,
etc.

`Shared<T>` is currently available in `core::ptr` on nightly Rust builds. It's the pointer that backs both `Rc<T>` and `Arc<T>`. It's semantics allow for
multiple instances to collectively own the data it points to, and as a result, forbids getting a mutable borrow.

> `bevy_ptr` does not support these types right now, but may support polyfills for these pointer types upon request.

Reviewer 2: A paranthetical explaining what a polyfill is would be useful here: many low-level devs won't know exactly what the web jargon means.

Author: I linked the Wikipedia page for now. If that's not OK, I can write the full thing.

|`*mut T`           |No         |Yes    |Yes           |No     |No      |No              |No                |
|`*const ()`        |No         |No     |No            |No     |No      |No              |No                |
|`*mut ()`          |No         |Yes    |No            |No     |No      |No              |No                |

`&T`, `&mut T`, and `Box<T>` are by far the most common pointer types that Rust developers will see. They're the only ones in this list that are entirely usable
without the use of `unsafe`.

`&UnsafeCell<T>` is the first step away from safety. `UnsafeCell` is the *only* way to get a mutable borrow from an immutable one in the language, so it's the
base primitive for all interior mutability in the language: `Cell<T>`, `RefCell<T>`, `Mutex<T>`, `RwLock<T>`, etc. are all built on top of
`UnsafeCell<T>`. To safety convert `&UnsafeCell<T>` into a `&T` or `&mut T`, the caller must guarantee that all simultaneous access follow Rust's aliasing rules.

`NonNull<T>` takes quite a step down from the aforementioned types. In addition to allowing aliasing, it's the first pointer type on this list to drop both

> lifetimes and the alignment guarantees of borrows. The only guarantees it provides are that the pointer is not null, and that it points to a valid instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lifetimes and the alignment guarantees of borrows. Its only guarantees are that the pointer is not null and that it points to a valid instance
```

[RawWaker]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/task/struct.RawWaker.html

## Available in Nightly

|Pointer Type       |Lifetime'ed|Mutable|Strongly Typed|Aligned|Not Null|Forbids Aliasing|Forbids Arithmetic|
|:------------------|:----------|:------|:-------------|:------|:-------|:---------------|:-----------------|
|`Unique<T>`        |Owned      |Yes    |Yes           |Yes    |Yes     |Yes             |Yes               |
|`Shared<T>`        |Owned*     |Yes    |Yes           |Yes    |Yes     |No              |Yes               |

`Unique<T>` is currently available in `core::ptr` on nightly Rust builds. It's a pointer type that acts like it owns the value it points to. It can be thought of
as a `Box<T>` that does not allocate on initialization or deallocated when it's dropped, and is in fact used to implement common types like `Box<T>`, `Vec<T>`,
etc.

`Shared<T>` is currently available in `core::ptr` on nightly Rust builds. It's the pointer that backs both `Rc<T>` and `Arc<T>`. It's semantics allow for
multiple instances to collectively own the data it points to, and as a result, forbids getting a mutable borrow.

> `bevy_ptr` does not support these types right now, but may support [polyfills] for these pointer types upon request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bevy_ptr` does not support these types right now, but may support [polyfills] for these pointer types if the need arises.
```

"upon request" makes it seem that anyone, even non-Bevy-developers, could request these polyfills if they wanted them. I think we should be more specific: if Bevy requires `Owned` or `Shared`, it can be added in, but only if it is needed for a core library.

|:--------------------|:----------|:------|:-------------|:------|:-------|:---------------|:-----------------|
|`ConstNonNull<T>`    |No         |No     |Yes           |No     |Yes     |No              |Yes               |
|`ThinSlicePtr<'a, T>`|Yes        |No     |Yes           |Yes    |Yes     |Yes             |Yes               |
|`OwningPtr<'a>`      |Yes        |Yes    |No            |Maybe  |Yes     |Yes             |No                |
|`Ptr<'a>`            |Yes        |No     |No            |Maybe  |Yes     |No              |No                |
|`PtrMut<'a>`         |Yes        |Yes    |No            |Maybe  |Yes     |Yes             |No                |

`ConstNonNull<T>` is like `NonNull<T>` but disallows safe conversions into types that allow mutable access to the value it points to. It's the `*const T` to
`NonNull<T>`'s `*mut T`.

`ThinSlicePtr<'a, T>` is a `&'a [T]` without the slice length. This means it's smaller on the stack, but it means bounds checking is impossible locally, so
accessing elements in the slice is `unsafe`. In debug builds, the length is included and will be checked.

> `OwningPtr<'a>`, `Ptr<'a>`, and `PtrMut<"a>` act like `NonNull<()>`, but attempts to restore much of the safety guarantees of `Unique<T>`, `&T`, and `&mut T`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`OwningPtr<'a>`, `Ptr<'a>`, and `PtrMut<'a>` act like `NonNull<()>`, but attempts to restore much of the safety guarantees of `Unique<T>`, `&T`, and `&mut T`.
```
